we're here with Lindsey Wilson senior
quarterback Brandon crushed-up Brandon
we just wrapped up practice today how do
you think the offense looked out there
towards ended camp
hopefully
being a senior upperclassmen and stuff
how do you help the younger guys make
that transition from a high school
coming to college especially in camp
it's tough sometimes you know because a
lot of these guys are superstars their
high school come here you know it's a
process how does everything we're doing
in training camp here all the practices
the weight room to film sessions how
does that pay off later in the season
especially its its final it's coming to
get you know these teams together
and you know you sit here putting all
these hours and hours and you have long
days and you're waking up early and you
know you kind of build some mental
toughness so we're gonna play in the
fourth quarter and overtime you know you
can fight through
cramps well Brandon thanks for joining
us today and good luck this easily we're
here with that Lindsey Wilson football
defensive coordinator Mike gotelli is a
coach we're getting pretty far pretty
coming down to the end of the preseason
camp everything how would you say the
team's progressed as a whole all right
you know defensively
they're coming together pretty well it's
been a long camp you know as it always
is it's a tough time for the guys a
little bit brined and they have to you
know get up get it get up get used to
practicing hard and come together what
I've been most happy with is way these
guys have come together as a group and
practiced as a group talking together
working together defensively you know
there's been times where the Energy's
dipped and we've had to sort of
encourage them strongly kept going but
then they seem to respond very well and
don't usually bounce back with a high
energy practice what do you do now that
the camp is coming to it and how do you
start to make that transition from the
preseason camp and hitting each other
and start prepping for the first game
day you know the hardest thing is from
here on out is to start to trim down who
gets as many reps and determining who
the players will be that we need to
practice with getting ready for my first
opponent and now to get four more of a
general football situation to a specific
preparation and you know get ready for
your first opponent and that's that's
really the hardest part is figuring out
who's gonna get those reps which guys
been get it we have a good number of
returners really that next level down
there was a lot of decisions that be
made and
the scrimmage we did today was very
forward to making that evaluation so
we'll trim the roster as far as we can
in the reps you know those other guys
are gonna be in it in fact part at the
same time we can't give everybody the
same amount of practice time on the
field we see all the all the practice
out here on the field or in the weight
room but what are they doing mentally to
prepare for the season you know I think
that might be the biggest transition for
our younger guys is the amount of time
we ask them to spend off the field you
know we're having up to four to five
hours of meetings a day with these guys
watching video over and over getting
very very specific about their technique
which would do they step with and
sometimes they're not used to that kind
of detail in that requirement so it
could be mentally draining as well as
physically it's not just being out in
the Sun in color very hard just having
to stay focused for that period of time
can cause them to really get a little
bit rundown mentally I must say our guys
have really been dialed in and they've
learned a lot we installed a ton of
defense and they've really responded and
been excited about what we're doing all
right coach thank you for your time good
luck to see you thank you